About Us
Secunda Mall is the first, and only, fully-realised regional shopping experience for the residents of Secunda and the surrounding areas.

Officially open since 23 October 2013, Secunda Mall offers customers a first class shopping, leisure and dining experience suitable for the whole family. With over 90 stores including major anchor tenants Checkers Hyper, Edgars, Game, Pick n Pay and Woolworths, plus 6 state-of-the-art Ster Kinekor cinemas, of which two are 3D, Secunda Mall has cemented itself as the leading shopping and leisure experience in the region. The shopping mix includes an array of major fashion, electronics, outdoor, home ware, health and beauty stores. But it's more than just a Mall - Secunda Mall is a meeting place for the community of Secunda, a place where families and friends can gather to shop, socialise and play.

My Mall. My Space

Centre Management
Broll Property Group manages the Centre on behalf of the owners.

Office hours
Monday - Friday7:00 - 18:00
Saturday9:00 - 14:00
Sunday9:00 - 14:00
Public Holidays9:00 - 14:00


The Team (We will include pictures of them)
Secunda Mall Team Member
Michelle Nell
General Manager
mnell@broll.com
Secunda Mall Team Member
Danelle Van Der Watt
Marketing Manager
dpotgieter@broll.com
Secunda Mall Team Member
Aniel Grobler
Operations manager
Jgrobler@broll.com
Secunda Mall Team Member
Johan Stydom
Junior Operations Manager
jstrydom@broll.com
Secunda Mall Team Member
Gugu Jiana
Leasing Administrator
gjiana@broll.com
Secunda Mall Team Member
Michanette Van Straaten
Debtors Administrator
mvanstraaten@broll.com
Secunda Mall Team Member
Cherity Mthembu
Receptionist
cmthembu@broll.com

Facilities & Services
Restroom for disabled
Secunda Mall is a wheelchair friendly shopping centre. All levels are easily accessible with the use of elevators. Disabled restroom facilities are available at both the lower and upper level restrooms including the Ster Kinekor cinemas. Disabled parking bays are situated close to all entrances and underground parking area.

Restrooms and "parent & child" facilities
Restrooms are located between Nedbank & Clicks on the lower level, and between Markham & Totalsports on the upper level. Each restroom includes male and female facilities, separate baby changing rooms, family restrooms with junior toilets for children, as well as accessible restrooms for people with disabilities. All our restrooms are maintained by dedicated cleaners to ensure cleanliness and freshness at all times. The following establishments have their own customer restrooms: Oregon Spur, Ster-Kinekor, Cappuccinos (which also offers a baby changing station), John Dory’s, Panarottis, Symphony’s Café, and Pick n Pay (which includes a baby room).

Wheelchairs
Wheelchairs are available for your convenience at Security. Simply request a wheelchair from your closest security guard. We also have attendants who can assist you with your shopping bags while you're in the wheelchair

Moms and Tots Parking Bays
Secunda Mall has parking bays specifically for moms and tots at each entrance of the mall, including the under-ground parking.

Electronic Directory Boards
Our state-of-the-art Electronic Directory Boards, located at all main entrances of Secunda Mall, provide a convenient and interactive way to navigate the mall. Featuring a digital map and detailed store information, these boards ensure you can easily locate your favorite stores, amenities, and services. Whether you're a first-time visitor or a regular, our directory boards are designed to enhance your shopping experience by helping you find your way with ease and efficiency.

ATMs
The ABSA and Nedbank ATMs are located within their respective branches, while a Standard Bank ATM can be found on the lower level next to Pep. FNB has ATMs located at its branch, and Capitec ATMs are available both within the Capitec branch and outside entrance 3 next to Chicken Licken.

Centre Management Reception
The Centre Management offices are located on the Mezzanine level, located down the stairs next to Mr Price Home. Centre Management can be contacted on (010) 001 0254. Our reception can assist you with directions, mall maps, lost and found items, compliments and complaints and shop telephone numbers.
The desk is open during weekdays 07:00 – 18:00 | weekends 09:00 – 14:00.

Guide dog friendly environment
Secunda Mall is a guide dog friendly environment and welcome the use of guide dogs in the Centre. Other pets are however not permitted.

Smoking Area
Please note as per the national smoking legislation, smoking in an enclosed/partly enclosed and public area is prohibited and illegal. Also note that no smoking is permitted outside the centre’s entrances. The Oregon Spur offers a smoking area for their clients.

Parking
All the parking bays are free of charge
All four entrances to the mall are accessible from Oliver Tambo Street and PDP Kruger Street.

Bike parking
Bike parking located at Entrance 3. Entrance 4 and entrance 1.

Secunda Mall has 2 435 Parking Bays
Disabled parking bays are situated close to all entrances and covered parking areas. Secunda Mall has specially demarcated moms and tots parking bays at each entrance to the mall, including underground parking areas.